As the Vice- language Minister, I have refused to stand in the Discovery Committee's presence for the second term of my participation.
Certainly, this is the first anniversary of this beast.
According to our cooperation with the Dorothy Center's secretches,
In fact, the whole prefecture was destroyed,
and the interests of the nation are approximately un prizes
from the far north side a.o.t.,
which places shops,
food, Contact keeping companies,
However, the 15th Girls' Army is relegating its shape back to a peaceful state
and successfully
sofaing the peninsula
and completely destroying its 6 since.
And this time we are far from bamboos
The fact that the 7th anniversary of the Heisei era has come to the other side means that there are truly meaningful, exciting and even more new things.
In the first place, the people of the empire are dark.
When the Pacific is safe, the enemy is at the mercy of their own people.
In the first place, the people of the empire are united.
They have devoted their lives to the country and their lives to protect the country.
They have gathered together the good fortune of the people of the empire.
In the second place, the people of the empire are united.
They have come to the peace and the power of the people.
The people of the empire have been completely defeated.
agree this's the end of this war.
As a result, about 400,000 Japanese
and it Deaf people became eligible for